When developing the code, I first started by replacing pure HTML code with simple CSS styles by removing <font> tags and combining inline CSS styles with the <header> tags. The first design choice was the navigation bar, which is purple with a flickering light pink candlelight effect when the user hovers over it. I decided to do this because it's important from an HCI standpoint to inform users which option they are hovering over and it fits the gothic theme. The fonts were imported to make the text look similar to typography often found in gothic media. Horizontal dividers contain gothic icons in the center reminiscent of ornate frames found in gothic design. There are also multiple other styles that form the layout of several elements instead of using tables.

Some of the challenges I faced were trying to add borders to images, adding animated backgrounds, etc. While some of the things I had wanted and imagined adding didn't end up working, some of the designs I wanted to add ended up being implemented successfully. At first struggled to import custom fonts, but after watching a quick video I was able to get it to work. Another thing that I struggled with was adding a spider web overlay on images. Although I wasn't able to get it working on all the pictures, I did manage to put it on the large image on the "Home" page which I'm still proud of. There are some issues still present in the website, but given more time and knowledge, I would have tried harder to get everything working correctly and added more unique CSS designs. 

For the responsiveness of the website, I often found myself having to change fixed sizes into relative sizes in order to get resizing to work. I also decided to use media queries, for learning purposes, for some of the web pages to remove excessive whitespace. For the "About Me", and "Destination" page, I made the container wrap so that the text sat below the picture in order to remove horizontal scrolling. I also placed the images in the "Gallery" page vertically to remove horizontal scrolling, as well. The "Contact Me" input boxes' width changes based on the screen size, getting larger on a large device and smaller on small devices. 